---
title: Impact on your business - who can..?
description: If the janitor (or the cleaning lady) will ask to join my SDR team , I’ll gladly give them the opportunity.
date: 2022-06-22
tags: Hiring & Teams
image: /og-image.jpg
---

<div><p>If the janitor (or the cleaning lady) will ask to join my SDR team ,  I’ll gladly give them the opportunity.</p><p>Sure, they never finished high school and have no required skills… But one SDR has a very small impact on the company’s total revenue.</p><p>I’ll quickly train and teach them, guide them ,  and attach someone to help them daily until they are ready to go by themselves. At least I’d give them a chance.&nbsp;</p><p>HOWEVER, if a Product Manager, an Engineer, or one of the SW/HW will ask to be appointed as the CEO or the VP of Sales ,  no one in their right mind will give them a chance.</p><p>Those positions have HIGH impact on the company and require YEARS of practical, successful experience, in many other roles, before you can become VP/CEO.</p><p>Now, as many of you know, people simply “fall” into Sales. It’s either flipping burgers/pumping fuel- or sit in an office with a phone. We know that ,  and those poor souls can be saved by proper training (which is very abundant).</p><p>What is AMAZING is that SO many people “fall” into a VP Sales / VP BizDev / CEO (!) position.</p><p>Usually, it would be a small Start-up, just came out with a product (or even before that), just got funded…. SaaS, IoT, HW…. And someone HAS to do this job.</p><p>So they flip a coin (met 3 of those ,  I hope they’ll comment here) ,  and the “loser” gets to be in charge of Sales, run the company, and bring in more money. You know, the job that no one wants (because they want to do what they like ,  which is the product).</p><p>If you are one of those poor souls that got tricked by his co-founders, board members or others and you have no idea what you are doing ,  I am here to save you.</p><p>If you have the guts to admit it and realize the situation ,  let's talk.</p></div>
